status-badge: Update to new statuses and icons (#1579)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: .changeset/curly-olives-thank.md

---
'@ag.ds-next/react': minor
---

> status-badge: Add 9 new status types in 3 levels of attention. Deprecate existing `tone` and `weight` props.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
status-badge: Add 9 new tones in 3 levels of attention. Deprecate existing `tone` values and the `weight` prop.
```
